Hello friends today I want
make a very active medium for
cleaning the surface did the bike
baby after his stayed
Fryazino
That came across you understand that not very
affable and very removed there
the whole
bath surface suffered very
Seriously
Well Well here I go and stepped network
planet
bosch
or tomorrow i
own
just a tool in the form of the back of the head with normal
ordinary roots let's
this action here
to wet
further just
these places are clearly Tibetan
thin layer
means I ask
the cost of it quite a bit waiting
literally here probably a little bit
funds began to act
then
the sum itself is very happy here and see how
it was watching
nothing remains here is
also wind
if a
very effective
so here
bathing on you even if
very crazy for black
perfect cleaning
included 1 2 3
want to say so
this tool is very well washed off
there is no trace left very
recommended
this is a test for bath cleaning names when
it is safe for very well washed off
surface
pure water
where not
need to take one more detail that given
completely harmless to enamel
the enamel itself does not corrode
romance just remove very carefully
so you can safely use
for cleaning bowls of van for museum shells
or by pain I seconded surfaces